Document CD PR part (#6457)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/publishing/releasing-cd.adoc

  enabled: true
----

> In your PR towards the RPU, include a link to the PR in your plugin, which contains all the necessary changes, like described above.

Reviewer: I would not shorten this as people will be unlikely to be familiar with this acronym, (I realise it is declared above but I think this is clearer)
```suggestion
In your PR towards the repository permission updater, include a link to the PR in your plugin, which contains all the necessary changes, like described above.
```
